But even better,
I think that the face landmarks detection.
Okay, so here, you can see again
it's like a media pipe model and
it gives you a face smash.
So you can also use that one and it gives
you a lot more points around your face.
But every point to between the lines here
is actually a key point that you can get
data from, x and y,
in terms of coordinates on the screen.
And I believe that with this model,
you can do some calculation where you
see really the movement of the eye.
Also, I'm showing my projects
because I know how I built them, so
if you have any questions,
I can answer them.
But there's more people
building things like this.
But with that kind of model
you can build prototypes.
I tried to build a hands- free coding
where that uses TensorFlow js, and
I'm just gonna play
the stream be any sound.
But it's TensorFlow.js that's
looking at where my eyes are going.
There's a bit of logic there.
It's basically able to isolate
the white part of your eye and
where your iris actually is.
And then you can do a delta between the
current position and the next position,
it's right or left.
And then you can start thinking about,
well, what can you do with that?
And in the context of hands-free coding,
I was thinking,
well, in general, there's only a certain
subset of things that we can do with code.
You can declare variables, or declare
functions, or have a written statement, or
imports.
And you can then think about, well, if I
was creating snippets in VS code, then
I could just select them with, I think on
the right is, well, it ended up on, okay.
So on the right here,
it's a very small prototype, but
the first one is var to create a variable,
then I can select the right column and
isolate only the ones
that are on the right.
So FUN would be like a function or
then CLG is like console log, or
return, or things like that.
And then navigate, I think I maybe
wanted to go up and down my code.
But you can start thinking about
applications like this where maybe
the first time that you hear of a model
to detect key points in your face,
you might not be thinking about then,
I'll do hands-free coding.
But the more you experiment with this,
the more you realize and
think about different applications
where you could use it.
So again, it's like every time I
move my eye, I'm actually selecting
between the right and
left column of the little selection here.
And I think the first one is probably,
I want to create a component, yeah.
So I selected RCE for
React component something,
and then it just spits out a basic
structure of the component.
So if you write code every day, you know
it's a bit more complex than that, but
it was a prototype to see, well,
if you could either add an eye
detection functionality to VS code.
Or even as a compliment,
you could write and
also use your eyes,
then you end up doing things like this.
So obviously it's not like
a product that's ready to use, but
I think I just wrote the yeah,
hi, or something like that.
And that's the type of applications
that you can work with.
Sorry, question?
>> I'm just curious how you're
deciding what to show for
the options like letters or variables?
>> Sure, so
the nice stuff with that is what's
on the right is standard JavaScript.
You have a layout of two columns.
And then here when I'm for
example, if I'm looking right,
then my logic is to isolate just
the four things that are on the right.
Because I'm looking at the screen and
I'm thinking, okay,
I want to write a function, and
I can see fun on the right part.
So I'm just looking right and
it's just isolate, and
that is actually not Tensorflow.js,
it's normal JavaScript.
But the eye detection is Tensorflow.js.
So when I'm getting as a prediction
the position of my eye,
then I can see which part
on the screen it's on.
And if I'm looking right,
then I can isolate that.
For example, if I had been looking left,
then I would have had the options var,
import, react, and text,
if I want to write letters.
So if I knew I want to write just the word
hello, then I would have looked to
the left text, and that would have
displayed a fake keyboard of letters.
And then I can also,
depending on where the letters are,
I think there's a better example that
I can show of something similar.
Okay, this one, the gaze control keyboard.
So this is the same concept where
I have a keyboard of letters and
they're separated into columns.
And the reason why, so that's actually
a reproduction of a project that was built
by a part of Google and
they were building an app in Android for
people who actually have mobility issues.
Where to allow them to text faster,
they actually do look at the screen and
they select letters.
And it actually made me also think about
the way that the keyboard layout is.
It's like, well, I could have a keyboard
and select letter one by one by going
right, right, right, right,
until I reach the letter.
But that would take a long time.
And if you instead separate your
keyboard into two sections and
you end up doing almost like a binary
search when you're just like the letter
that I want is in the right portion,
so I look right.
And then it isolates and
it splits that into two.
And it's what's happening here.
The letters are just in
the order of the alphabet, but
if I want to write hello, I'm like,
okay, the h is in the left column, and
then the e is also in the left column,
and then l, but then o is on the right.
And once you're done with your word,
then it redisplays.
And that is really just a reproduction
of the Google project but
in the browser because I was
interested to see as they've
had built it using just Android,
Colleen probably.
I was just thinking, well can we have
the same but as a web interface so
that people don't have to download an app,
you just open a browser.
And then I had a little bit of fun
doing it with Chrome dyno game as
well where I think I forgot.
Yeah, I just look up for a jump.
And you could see that it's pretty good.
It's pretty quite reactive.
I actually was quite impressed.
Well, it made me look like
I played pretty well.
So [LAUGH] I was actually really
impressed with how fast the model was.
I was thinking, maybe JavaScript in
the browser are using the camera,
maybe there'll be some delay.
But actually, in terms of doing that,
it was pretty fast.